Hello,
Thanks for registering with Stansbury Swim! We are excited to help your children develop confidence and water safety skills.
Getting Started
To make the most out of your swimming lessons, we encourage you to follow the steps below to make your child’s first splash a success.
Add your students to your account: Log in, click on “dashboard” in the top right corner, then “add student”
Purchase Swim Credits: Click on “dashboard” and then “purchase”. Credit packages can be shared with siblings, friends, or neighbors!
Book your lessons: In your dashboard click “schedule”. Feel free to filter pools, days, or instructors. In the “available” dropdown box, select your desired student for that lesson. **If you haven’t already, it will prompt you to sign the waiver before you are able to schedule lessons. 
Check out our FAQ page for commonly ask questions and other tips!
Our Pools
Lessons take place at residential pools. Please be respectful of the pool owners’ properties and respect their privacy. Address and other details for each pool are listed below
103 Lakeview Drive, Stansbury Park and 101 Lakeview Drive, Stansbury Park: Park perpendicular to the curb to allow for more client parking. Consider parking outside the circle and walk in. Enter through the gates on the right side of either house.
5446 Lanyard Lane, Stansbury Park: Please park perpendicular to the sidewalk in the circle. If circle is full, park parallel to the sidewalk on the street. DO NOT block driveways. Enter through the gate to the right of the garage.
180 E Durfee St, Grantsville: Park perpendicular to sidewalk in front of house or lots on either side of the house. Do not block mailbox. Walk down driveway and enter between the garage and large shop.
To show respect to all our pool owners & other clients please follow these additional requests...
Do not block driveways, mailboxes, or garbage cans
NO PETS
Children not in a lesson are NOT allowed in the pools while they wait
Swim diapers are required for children not fully potty-trained
No changing your kids into swimsuits on deck
Stay Connected With Us! 
To get all our updates and stay informed about weather cancellations, click here to follow us on Facebook! 
OR join our remind group. Text “@stansswim1” to 81010
We can’t wait to see your kids thrive in the water! Happy Swimming!
Swim with Confidence
STANSBURY SWIM

info@stansburyswim.com
435-659-6307
563 S Otto Ln, Grantsville, Ut 84029
To unsubscribe from our emails click HERE.